A GTSpotterEventRecorderSettings manages  user preferences related to  sending usage data. This works as follows:  1. First opening of an image with the recorder- the first time an image containing this class is opened (or  this class is loaded in an image) a settings file is created in the settings folder of the current user (FileLocator preferences asFileReference).- a UUID is generated and store d in the setting file to identfy the current computer2. Opening an image after a settings file was created- if this image does not already have a setting stored in an image or has a setting with a different UUID then the one of the local computer, any setting present in the image is removed.- as a second step, if there is a default setting present in the settings file that setting is loaded and stored in the image.3. Changing the default settings- the default setting can only be changed from the Agreement UI accessible from the Spotter settings.This mechanism has the following implications:- as long as there is no default setting explicitly set a setting has to be set in every image manually- if there is a default setting stored, whenever opening a new image without an explicit setting the default setting  is saved in the image.Hence, changing the default setting later on will not change the existing setting in any existing images. It will only apply to new images.Also copying an image from one computer to another resets it's settings to the default settings of the destination computer.Instance Variables	computerUUID:		<Object>	sendSearchQuery:		<Object>	sendUsageData:		<Object>	url:		<Object>	userAnsweredAgreement:		<Object>computerUUID	- xxxxxsendSearchQuery	- xxxxxsendUsageData	- xxxxxurl	- xxxxxuserAnsweredAgreement	- xxxxx