This is introductory help for the Pharo environment, covering some of the basic features and their usage. ! Keyboard ShortcutsPharo has introduced a variety of useful keyboard shortcuts that help you naviagate the environment without always using a mouse.!! Searchlight/Global searchSimilar to the Spotlight search on OSX, or the Windows Search charm - Pharo has a global code search popup window that is acticated using:  Shift+EnterThis activates a small popup window in the top right of the screen where you can incrementally search for Classes, Packages and method names. Results are refined in a displayed list which you can cursor through, or simply press enter to spawn a new browser to examine the top most result. !! Browser ShortcutsThere are many keyboard shortcuts available in Pharo:- A full list is available in most browsers by clicking on the context menu button (a triangle) on the top right of the browser and selecting the 'Shortcuts Description' menu item.  Alternatively you can evaluate:KMDescription new categories: #(NautilusGlobalShortcuts); openWithSpec.- Shortcuts are typically multi-key combinations, for example if something is listed as CMD-F, CMD-C you would press and hold the CMD key while typing  F and then C!! Visual ExplorationA useful way of discovering how things work in Pharo, is to point your mouse cursor at something on the screen (e.g. A browser button) and invoke a visual Halo selection by pressing:   Alt+Shift + left mouse clickIf you continue clicking the left mouse button (while holding Shift+Alt), the halo will expand it's selection to the current item's parent. This is useful for traversing the lineage of graphical Morph's to see what contains what.The halo has a series of icons, which if you hover over them will give you some balloon help about their operation. For exploring, the spanner icon is useful for letting you inspect or browse the current item to locate where the actual code is implemented.To remove the halo,  simply click anywhere outside of the current halo.It is possible to directly explore a visual object and bypass using the halo mechanism by pressing:  Ctrl+Shift + left mouse clickThis will give you a menu for the current item with options to inspect, debug etc.! IconsThere are many icons that are used in the envionment!! GeneralAn orange smudge in the top right of any editable text field indicatest that the field has been modified and should be saved with Cmd-S.!! Class PaneIn the System Browser class pane, you will see the following icons appear next to specific types of class objects:- Red exclamation mark: a missing class comment. The pharo team reccommend that all classes should describe their intent with a comment. - Gray dot: a TestCase - Yellow Lightening bolt: an Exception - 3 Coloured Balls: a Collection - Blue Speech bubble: an Announcement - Blue Paragraph symbol: a String - Gray Epsilon symbol: a Magniture - Blue Matrix box: a graphcial Morph - Purple Ball with T: a Trait!! Protocol PaneIn the System Browser protocol pane, you will see the following icons appear next to specific types of protocol objects:- Yellow diamond: initialisation methods- Red Square: private methods!! Method PaneIn the System Browser methods pane, you will see the following icons appear next to specific types of method objects:- Green Up Arrow: indicates this method overrides a method in a super class- Green Down Arrow: indicates this method is overriden in a subclass!! Source PaneIn the System Browser lower code source pane, you will see the following icons appear which have the following meaning:- Orange Smudge top right: the source has changed and should be saved- Yellow Stripe right margin: a long or complicated method that needs refactoring- Yellow Padlock top right: when locked, indicates the current method source will be displayed stacked with other locked methods in the source pane! Browsing and Navigating Code!! System Browser (Nautilus)The System Browser is available from the World menu and is the universal way of viewing your source code. The browser framework has been rewritten in Pharo and this new technology is referred to as Nautilus (see the other top level help item for more technical details)!! SearchlightUse the Shift+Enter global keystroke to activate a popup window that lets you incrementally search for methods, classes, symbols and packages.!! Finder The code Finder browswer is available from the World | Tools menu. The Finder lets you enter some general text in top edit field and then categorize it as either text, or language construct in the dropdown list to refine your search. There are more detailed instructions in the bottom pane of the browser detailing the different options.!! WorkspaceIn any workspace you can type or select any text and then perform an 'extended search' (context menu item) that will look for matching senders, implementors, references or method source.!!! Showing HierarchiesNautilus defaults to a simple 'Flat' display of the list of classes that are in the currently selected package (far left). You may want to see the hierarchy of a particular class, and in this case if you select it and then toggle (press) the 'Flat' button, it will change to show a 'Hierarchy'  instead. Pressing this button again will toggle back to the 'Flat' model.!!! Browser HistoryThe browser records the history of methods and classes you have visited similar to a Web Browser. The dropdown list in the middle right of the panes (above the lower text pane) shows this history, and clicking on one of its items will navigate to that item. This is convenient if you have clicked on a different package, or navigated to superclass and want to return back to where you were. !!! CustomisingThe system browser can be configured with a different colour, title as well as optional plugins. These are all available in the dropdown menu in the top right of the title bar (normally a small triangle).! Getting More Help!! Pharo TutorialTry using the Pharo Smalltalk tutorial by evaluating: 	PharoTutorial go.!! Online ResourcesYou can find more information about Pharo at: 	http://www.pharo.orgIn particular, you may be interested in:- Joining discussions and getting help at: http://www.pharo.org/get-help- The Pharo By Example book (available as a free PDF): http://www.pharobyexample.org- Browsing the online documentation: http://www.pharo.org/documentation- Reporting problems: http://www.pharo.org/get-involved